Hello everyone! I am Youmna Ahmed Mohamed, a 3rd-year Computer Engineering student at Pharos University in Alexandria.
During my studies, I explored various fields such as Web Development and Human-Computer Interaction.
I am fascinated by how technology simplifies our lives and how to build intelligent systems from scratch.
I have worked on several projects across different disciplines.
One of the most important is the Stopwatch project for the Digital System Design course, using 74xx ICs.
This project taught me a lot about hardware debugging and how to transform logic gates into tangible work.
On the software side, we developed a Rock Paper Scissors game for the OOP course using Java and Android Studio.
We focused on implementing core OOP concepts such as Inheritance, Abstraction, and Encapsulation.
These concepts helped us write organized and reusable code.
Overall, this project was very beneficial, teaching us how to create organized and scalable applications.
I am currently working on improving my skills in programming languages like Java, C, and Python.
I am also particularly interested in the web technologies you see in my CV right now.
My current goal is to apply what I've learned in practical internships and contribute to real, large-scale projects.
Thank you for your time, and I hope you enjoyed my CV!